# ComputerGeneratedText

# Discription
Import 

# Running Code
1. Feed text into createDictionary.
2. Run generateText using the dictionary from createDictionary.
3. See computer generated text!

# Example

Bill of Rights Generated by My Computer

'After the same offence to have the time of both Houses concurring, that there shall exceed twenty dollars, the Assistance of the said Constitution; viz. The powers not less than one Representative for every fifty thousand persons, houses, papers, and House of the Militia, when in actual service in time of the people to have been previously ascertained by Congress, that further declaratory and to be infringed. The powers not be secure in his defence. The right of religion, or prohibiting the ground of Counsel for the right of life or in time of the Senate and Amendment of public use, without due process for his defence. RESOLVED by the Senate and unusual punishments inflicted. Article the proportion shall be one hundred, after which the several States, as amendments to two thirds of Counsel for the following Articles be one Representative for public trial, by a capital, or property, without the City of March, one Representative for the proportion shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by the right of the State and eighty nine. THE Conventions of the Legislatures of the press; or abridging the sixth... THE Conventions of the several States, having at common law, and cause of the common law, and unusual punishments inflicted. No Soldier shall, in a desire, in the freedom of America, proposed by it to the eighth... No law, where the Constitution of a witness against unreasonable searches and district shall be less than one hundred Representatives, nor shall have been committed, which Articles, when in the Militia, when ratified by the beneficent ends of the second... In suits at the several States, pursuant to the security of the people peaceably to the ninth... No Soldier shall, in the same offence to the people to a jury, shall make no law respecting an establishment of both Houses concurring, that there shall have been previously ascertained by three fourths of the persons or in any house, without dueprocess of the State and Amendment of life or naval forces, or prohibiting the Legislatures of speech, or things to be valid to the Government, will best ensure the proportion shall amount to have been previously ascertained by the seventh... Article the eighth... Article the United States of Representatives of the Constitution, expressed a number of the States of Representatives shall be twice put in actual service in order to answer for the compensation for every thirty thousand, until the fifth... The right of certain rights, shall make no Warrantsshall make no Warrants shall amount to be preserved, and to the twelfth... Article of the freedom of the seventh... The right to be confronted with the Owner, nor less than according tothe first... Article the compensation for the eleventh... In suits at common law. A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the ninth... In suits at the Government for his favor, andeighty nine. Article the rules of the City of March, one hundred, after which district wherein the States, all, or abridging the'
